It's really not a long time since I
I enter this Skype that will go online
Let's talk a little bit now with the
not guyed
I miss this wonderful beautiful people a
two messages are online now let's go
speak here
the patrician 334 20 thousand cock fucking
You're calling my god, that's it.
God, what 's going on in the tire?
help our father what I do here
send lots of things around
peraí locked my pc to see my pc
my mother opened the door closed think
I'm crazy
Let's answer here one by one error
I get everything caught.
Does anyone help me out there another year?
Let's see what I can do here today.
not many crutches are our mission
Teleton delayed let's start with it
People here, this mission, let's try
explain the content and anne in their frauds and
who is enrolled this mission shows
how the kids will end up on the telethon is
so she teaches us to be charitable
above all, then these are very good
educational missions and this is how a
Child goes to the telethon.
human nilceu the human mention
I was editing videos listening to this
She's funny today that knows the
that I deserve all that does not deserve
This is going to take in the sucker course that
they know grace but even the square is
ours is good near that human and if
Fuder saw morning I need to make a good
beggar action are you without bathing is
You 're always there to take a photo.
Sunday, let me tell you, go ahead.
take a bath or see beauty that was the
donation day production just tell me
that the swarm of bees is attacking
this guy
My goodness, my God, how can we help?
he let me see it here
I know I'm going to kill the bees on the siel.
stand still did not move could
hit you look what sadness but
at least they died the brother who is
play soccer that is playing football arrives
arrive and I make goal in related ruler
left goal to make your clown look to
my butt and take this
Look at the wheel of this bike is the same thing.
was used to create those bible says
that sparked you paid 30 account
and it only lasted two hours .
All rights reserved.
Our Lady is the perfect way to rise
the ram umbrella let loose let him
disappeared lady the lady you do
part of the key institute is for young people
gifted
sister then coming brother brought
the rare guion card we are a
played soon there it was worth the hand oscar
There you have it, then, the episode then.
Why not no, not because they 're beating.
You just wanted to know if we have today.
are stolen from hell had taken his
family had no find or that she was
find do not give max steel with
pink hair you asked santa
a lunch lunch you know how it is
person has an epileptic attack does not look
then our O you learned well my
Sir, it 's out of date.
let's attack it one of the 13
justin sol then we have this video because
it has a shit what happened here
this video was recorded there at 8
afternoon hours
I recorded the editing scene I played
water on me
about one in the morning when I played
something in me knows what happened
the stuff fell on the mixer in the third I did not
I'll be able to show you why I can not.
move your opponent it will stop
explain why water has fallen on the
mix would be my text this my website
here it stopped working for
Because of that fucking water because
of that scene and lost is from 270 to
flood and has now been able to
in this neighborhood then it means that if the
channel disappear
it's because of that fucking scene for
cause of a fucking bad joke
i messed up a headset worth is that 300
Tales
Our gang here is this crazy wreck.
there is a crazy must be tweeting is
connected that guy who moves the son
before saving your child, go there and
New twitta stay behind him
let this guy say is not to take away and
sucker
hello, favorite sucker is more than your
paraná life
hello my noble lady, and chubby me
I would like to inform you that you are from the squadron.
fashion and that their dress today does not
are appropriate for my city
I will have to assassinate you very much
Thank you, look how nice my antenna is.
car is a little big, right?
but at least the radio's audio was
Very good, I made some modifications here.
in my clothes but I was thinking about her
It can get cold in the then I better be
buy a more ready clothes now a
feel colder beauty asked personal
more action on my videos so I decided
start being harassed by the police
about action
Yes to the personal action video I
I feel the adrenaline rising through my blood
take the police breeze
Bro
It's a help so I'll help out.
So now it's better not to talk.
threw up
she had money in her throat
simple it is to get out of what was
that guy looks at the old man in my
Ass to see and come, come to me, my
Ass and do yourself a favor or I'm sorry.
come here more and you 're so freaking out
going to be considered for the deputy
I'm going to filming now, is this from here?
Go to the globe well, my dear, this one from here.
Go to the globe, it hit the net, man.
dancing with a gun that 's what
this datena gottino continuous favor o
Catalan time I did not like it here.
overflying in the area sometimes thousands of
nowadays